Feature/add golden masters (#69)
retest/docs: docs/recheck/files/report.md

# Report

A *report* is the result of the comparison of two [states](state.md) with one or multiple steps and contains all differences between these two states. It is a static artifact and can be viewed without the corresponding Golden Master. However, in order to approve changes, a Golden Master must be present.

A report can be viewed with either user interface [***review***](../../review/installation.md) or [***recheck.cli***](https://github.com/retest/recheck.cli).

!!! warning
    The report is bound to the recheck version. We currently offer no compatibility support between versions. We will state if there are incompatibilities which require you to simply execute the test again with the new version.

> ### Structure

Reviewer: h3 after h1?

## Differences

There are several types of differences that can be encountered. Note that the example output is based of the [***recheck.cli***](https://github.com/retest/recheck.cli).

### Attribute Differences

An *attribute difference* indicates that an attribute of a element a has been changed. This is the most common difference and may include every attribute that is extracted through a extension. For example, this could include `text` changes or changes from/to the default value of the respective attribute.

```text
p [recheck] at 'html[1]/body[1]/header[1]/nav[1]/div[1]':
    text: expected="recheck", actual="Recheck"
    font-weight: expected="(default or absent)", actual="700"
```

### Element Differences

An *inserted difference* indicates that a new element has been added.

```text
p [recheck] at 'html[1]/body[1]/header[1]/nav[1]/div[1]':
    was inseted
```

A *deleted difference* indicates that an element has been removed.

```text
p [recheck] at 'html[1]/body[1]/header[1]/nav[1]/div[1]':
    was deleted
```

> ### Metadata Difference (available as of 1.8.0)

Author: I am not sure, if we want to update this directly and then specify the version like I tried this time, or if we want to work with draft PRs.

Regardless, I will remove the version and if you want extract this into a draft PR.

A *metadata difference* indicates changes in the metadata of a state. This is most likely due to the state being created on a different system or at a different time. These differences have no effect on the report and will be applied automatically. For a list of metadata, please refer to the [state](state.md) page.

```text
os.name: expected="Windows 10", actual="Ubuntu"
```

## Filtering

We capture every difference that occurs. This is to retain the changes history. However, too many changes can be overwhelming, so you can apply [filters](../usage/filter.md) to ignore them. 

!!! note

>     Filtering does not get rid of the differences. They will still be captured. These differences will simply not be displayed by the user interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Filtering does not get rid of the differences, we still capture them. However, filtered differences don't cause tests to fail and will be ignored by the user interfaces. This approach allows us to changed the filters even after test execution.
```

## Maintaining Differences

!!! warning
    A Golden Master must be present to approve changes from a report. If the Golden Master cannot be found (as indicated by the user interface), please make sure that the report is within the same project root as the Golden Master.

Differences can be maintained in two ways. Please refer to the respective documentation for the user interface on how to do so.

> 1. *Accept*: The difference is expected or can be explained by changes done to the object under test. This will update the new value to the Golden Master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. *Accept*: The difference is expected or can be explained by changes done to the object under test. This will update the Golden Master with the new value(s).
```

> 2. *Ignore*: If the element or attribute is fragile or you do not care about these differences, the can be ignored and will be saved in the projects `recheck.ignore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. *Ignore*: If the element or attribute is dynamic or you do not care about these differences, they can be ignored and will be saved in the projects `recheck.ignore`.
```
